the biggest regret from someone lying on
their deathbed is this I wish I'd had
the courage to live a life true to
myself not the life others expected of
me see as we grow old we create a
routine for ourselves within a school of
work every day we the same food and have
the same conversations with the same
group of friends and we quickly lose
sight of what we truly wanted out of
life we live within our own bubble and
as a result were increasingly ignorant
about the world around us in fact the
only time we really hear about the world
is through a computer and phone screens
when something terrible happens halfway
across the globe making us scared
and crave our bubble even more the
biggest danger of living like this
however is that time just flies by the
snap of a finger our 20s our 30s are
over and all of a sudden were 70 years
old looking around wondering where it
all went and the truth is routine stole
it from us but we might have a solution
that changed that amongst the four of us
we quit our jobs dropped out of school
and moved halfway across the world to
pursue what we love but that decision
most definitely did not happen overnight
in fact it all started with a yes see
whether you're a millionaire of groats
high school students or loss
20-something year old we understand that
dropping everything isn't realistic for
everyone but incorporating a little bit
more yes into your life absolutely is
challenging yourself to do something
uncomfortable something that scares you
and makes your pump sweat is B cure to a
life without direction and quite
shockingly a solution to slow down time
do you remember the difference between
all the days you want to work this year
probably not but do you remember that
time you overcame something you never
thought you could or tried something out
of the ordinary just to see what might
happen chances are much higher
could you imagine a whole lifetime worth
remembering stop using lack of money as
an excuse for not living the life you
want to live break your pattern try
something new and promise it can be done
with pretty much zero dollars after all
that's how yes Dairy was more
[Music]
we have just decided stick an impulsive
trip to the desert and the spend the
night there very in front oh you guys
need warm milk and applesauce right now
oh she forgot your teddy bear
[Music]
Oh
all right
anybody want to hear my biggest I don't
know how to do this actually I've three
people emollient you want to study
bigger whistle guys here good so I
couldn't believe my dad was stealing
from his job as a road worker until I
came home he waited and all the signs
were there
I'm very frustrated what purpose is a
reason I did this because I never
realized in my 25 years that friendship
I saw you two sounds is the most
important thing that's ever the making
they tell my name is Thomas I know this
is a weird request why jump in your pool
[Music]
okay there's no way you guys are ever
getting a new pool party you're going to
be out there for hours all day from the
Sun hot Sun and that's gonna be happy
one of the goals behind everything we do
is to live a life worth remembering
every single second of and if there's
one thing necessary to accomplish this
it's to never let your fear failure stop
you from doing what will make you great
thank you so much for sticking with us
for the past five episodes we hope that
hearing our story will inspire you to
think about yours and how you want it to
turn out tell your friends about us and
let's make the ESM the most impactful
community on YouTube so whether you're
an old subscriber or a new one
welcome to the
[Music]